Fix key pressed event (#2334)
emilk/egui: CHANGELOG.md

* MSRV (Minimum Supported Rust Version) is now `1.65.0` ([#2314](https://github.com/emilk/egui/pull/2314)).
* ⚠️ BREAKING: egui now expects integrations to do all color blending in gamma space ([#2071](https://github.com/emilk/egui/pull/2071)).
* ⚠️ BREAKING: if you have overlapping interactive widgets, only the top widget (last added) will be interactive ([#2244](https://github.com/emilk/egui/pull/2244)).

> * Keyboard press events are only pressent at the frame when the key was pressed, consistent with how key releases work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keyboard press events are only present at the frame when the key was pressed, consistent with how key releases work ([#2334](https://github.com/emilk/egui/pull/2334)).
```
